ya know for me personally I'm having a
good pretty hard time I feels like I'm
just playing I'm like new or something
like playing on stage feels like I'm
having a really hard time like gathering
my confidence on stage and I'm making a
lot of mistakes that I normally don't
ever make
well we're wrapping up the last day of
the second week here at the NA LCS with
coverage brought to you by Omni slash
I'm joined right now by sticks 8 from
CLG after his team's first win of the
season so you get the fun you're one of
those teams where you get the fun thing
where whenever people interview you
they're like so you lost a lot before
you won this game how does that feel so
we'll leave this question or this
interview with you lost a lot before
this win how does that feel well I guess
I can say I'm not necessarily new to
losing because I mean I you know I
wouldn't a walk my first split and then
after that was kind of like kind of up
and down yeah so it's not like a super
bad feeling I remember I think last
spring we also started like one in five
or something so it is kind of like a
worrying feeling but I don't think it's
necessarily the worst thing because I
mean I think if you lose early on
especially in spring you have the most
learned and I think especially with our
team for us it really feels like we're
one of like the pretty good teams and we
have a lot of big problems when it comes
to stage so yeah I think losing a lot
gives us the biggest opportunity to
improve out of all the teams to do you
there's been an interesting thing and I
bring this up only because if it's not
true you can have an opportunity to
disperse it but a lot of people just
assume that clg's problems are afro move
was a shot-caller now have four moves
that on now they don't have a shot color
they don't know what they're doing but
from talking to players
first off shock hauling is rarely that
simple and binary and so I just want to
get your your sense on do you feel like
that's seal Gees issue right now yes I
think that's actually a big part of it
like I said in scrims I feel like we're
doing really well but on stage when you
have the added pressure and stuff
sometimes the you know the
the vocal things you need aren't there
and usually on stage it feels like we've
been a new situation is happening to us
every time that we haven't really
experienced in screams so really okay
hold show what do we do now and so that
happens a lot and I think that
definitely could explain a lot of why we
lost so much early in spring but like I
said I think it's just a really good
opportunity to improve and I think it
will improve yeah what do you think of
unfortunately I have to interview Matt
in a second and he's walking by so we'll
keep our voice down but what do you
think I go in guardians after that
because I I've noticed a trend Tennessee
in their games where they're able to get
this happened yesterday as well an early
lead and then they just seem to throw it
right and and I feel like this happened
they had a pretty good gold lead and
then at Barron they just went for it and
you guys chased them down they just kind
of feed you guys nice so what is your
take on their situation
so I mean naturally just with the comps
we picked we're supposed to get behind
early because where's the scaling calm
we definitely have done like a way
better job but not giving them so much
early on but after they lost a fighter
I'm like I think he's like 19 minutes or
something and we killed like three or
four of them
our Scanlan comp is just like weird he
won the game at that point pretty much
like the game's over so yeah I think
they they do play pretty well early game
no but I think they just seem to have
like a lack of how to play their comp
later on the game so by the way thank
you I haven't checked the stats but it
feels like that game you actually guys
you guys might have closed it out and
record time for today less than 45
minutes or something so thank you for
doing that by the way because it's been
getting a late bite what I've been
talking some of the other players about
this what do you think of the long games
people complaining about stop watch the
meta today I watched a game where cloud9
had a 15k gold lead and somehow still
couldn't finish the game off after
getting elder yeah what's your take on
all this business so personally I don't
really like these kinds of things and I
think playing really long games like
that every single game is very stressful
invest in one situation and it also
feels really bad to lose because it's
like okay that's you know you don't have
a chance to redeem yourself like Oh what
we're gonna do for game to you like you
don't have that anymore so it's just
best won okay you lost and it feels
really bad to lose especially a long
game like that but I think in general
the games are going like that because a
lot of teams just aren't being
active right now they're just kind of
sitting back and scaling and I mean
that's I don't think it's necessarily
the wrong way to play I think everyone
has their own thing they want to do but
yeah I think that's mainly and also like
the relic shield that kinda stuff makes
balling super boring but yeah the games
are coming super long there's even a
meme with all the LCS players where you
know they take in the sorcery Keystone
or sorcery masteries they take like
manifold bandits gorgeous limbo on stage
they just take Gathering Storm everyone
does it because everyone knows the
stages are the games on stage you're
going to super long so I think it's
pretty lame but I think a lot will get
fixed next batch 8.2 so yeah do you
think we'll see game times go down
dramatically or just a bit of a tweak I
think it'll be not dramatically but I
think bot lane will be a bit faster pace
and in general as teams play more thathe
split they will be more proactive and
you know not just sit around again so I
think naturally as the split goes on the
games will get shorter I just want to
eat dinner before 9:00 if we can if we
can get to that that would make me happy
yeah I heard I think I actually tweeted
like yesterday he was like why am I
having to play at 7:30 when the game
says to be at 6 p.m. that's like that's
pretty frustrating
yeah do you add you find any additional
frustration with 2:00 p.m. start time
vs. noon I mean for us it was just like
you know you're in LCS days we wake up
we shower and it's like all right we
live pretty far we live in our way so
it's like alright we're gonna leave if
we play 12 we probably leave it in 9:30
and so we just wake up get ready and go
but now it's like our first game expose
at 6 p.m. we wake up we're like what are
we supposed to do all day we don't leave
till 3 p.m. so we had to always like
find new stuff we always like stay up
late before I games so we can like force
ourselves to sleep and wake up like 12
or something so it's kind of weird but I
think it's just to change well to get
used to well kind of going back to the
game here at the end of the interview
you know I noticed you when we first
started talking just now you seem to
have a pretty good positive attitude on
your losses saying you know it happens
darshan on stage had a similar thing but
I do want to ask you how important was
it for you to get this win so you didn't
start off with you know 0 for over the
42 we first two weeks how important that
was that was that for morale yeah I'd
say it's pretty important and especially
since all of our other games we went in
feeling really
and we always would just let down at the
end and it was just like you know the
game vs c9 it was like okay we
understand we did wrong and then the
next name was hundred threes were like
oh man like this was so bad and then
same with the game yesterday clutch
gaming fell just really bad but today I
think gotta know for me personally I'm
having a good pretty hard time I feels
like I'm just playing I'm like new or
something like playing on stage feels
like I'm having a really hard time like
gathering my confidence on stage and I'm
making a lot of mistakes that I normally
don't ever make so that that for me is
really weird because is there anything
that you want to say doing the CLG fans
out there thank you guys for all the
support
hope you guys are sticking with us it's
pretty pretty rough early on but
remember it's only spring and it gives
us the most opportunity to improve so I
think yes well thank you so much for the
interview and congratulations on the win
today for everyone else you can check
out the rest might coverage of all
things
LCS eSports more right here on my
youtube channel I will say thank you so
much for the support and watching my
content if you want to you can subscribe
and you'll see more Omni slash sponsored
brought to you by content right here on
my channel